Ideas Generator — People are pretty lazy or just don’t have time when it comes to brainstorming ideas. Throw them 50 crazy birthday party ideas or think of 70 ways to make small talk with a stranger. Work those creative juices!
Do It Yourself (DIY) — Want to show everyone your dainty handicrafts? You’ll inspire people to take arts & craft in your “class.”
Novels/Books — Keep the book tradition alive. Share the latest novels with enthusiastic readers, or promote your book.
Photography — What’s more pleasing, a blog with 1,000 words or crystal clear high-quality photos? Impress people with your camera skills. You might win the award for Saveur’s “Best Photography” blog.
Relationships — Whether it’s friends, family, your boss, your boyfriend/girlfriend, people you admire, people you despise, this topic will always spark everyone’s interest.
News — Find yourself always the first to spill out the news? Why not set up your own little blog news station? With the newer generations now reading everything online, you’ll have the upper hand.
Sports — Whether you’re into basketball, golf, or martial arts, shout out your favorite teams or share your thoughts on who the best players are. You’ll stir up a crowd.
Technology — Believe technology will change the world? So does a lot of techies and engineers, and not to mention all the kids growing up with Iphones and tablets.
Web Design — Today, websites are the number one source for information. Share your knowledge on web design and development. You’ll make everyone’s search experience better.
Health — Modern trends are leaning towards good health. Organic, all natural, fat-free, without pesticide, grass fed, whole wheat, wild caught, just to name a few. Be a health advisor and inform everyone how to live better, and longer.
Career — Have the most awesome job in the world? Tell everyone about your work life, the relationships you’ve formed, and what motivates you to succeed. They’ll wish they had your life.
Self-Improvement — Life is always about improvement. No matter what situation people are in, everyone wants to be better. Help them out, and when you need it, they’ll help you.
Fictional Stories — If you’re full of imagination and can’t resist writing, write a story. People love reading stories from enthusiastic writers.
BY RABBUt.COM